Hello, everybody. Welcome to a new episode of the
Center. I'm your host, as always, Ricardo Lopes and
today I'm joined by Doctor Luanna Cooke. She's professor
in pain and translational symptom Science, director of the
Placebo Beyond Opinion Center, empowered professor, and a Professor
in the Department of Anesthesiology at the University of
Maryland and she's co-editor of Placebo Effects Through the
lens of Translational Research, and that's the book we're
talking about today. So, Doctor Kaka, welcome to the
show. It's a pleasure to everyone.
Thank you so much, uh, Ricardo, for having me
today.
So uh tell us first before we get into
more detail on the topic of placebos, particularly for
people who might not be familiar with this specific
topic. What is a placebo exactly?
Placebo are inert substances that were introduced in medicine
as comparators with an active drug to validate the
efficacy of new drugs. But historically, placebo have been
bread pills, saline solution, and many other ingredients that
were given to patients to please them when no
other treatment were available. In fact, some people say
that the history of placebo is the history of
medicine because 200 years ago and even earlier, 1000
probably alreadypocrates was mentioning, you know, use of the
treatment that somehow were not necessarily linked to an
action, but yet we were given 12 patients to
feel better. From that Observation that many clinicians were
aware of. Science started to investigate the mechanisms of
the placebo effects. Why do we improve symptoms when
we believe that the treatment is able to work?
And so placebo effects have been studied in the
arena of pain, fatigue, anxiety, depression, Parkinson's, motor disorders,
and so on. And the goal is to try
to understand the neurobiology beyond improvement of the symptoms
related to placebos.
And so when it comes to medical research and
health research more broadly, why do we need to
study placebos and understand how they work?
That is a 1 million question. So why do
we do that? The answer is that thousands of
clinical trials fail because the active drug under investigation
do not outperform placebos. For example, if we want
to discover a new pain therapeutic, we need to
compare the action of the treatment we are trying
to discover with. Placebo and so often there is
no improvement. So yesterday we were having a wonderful,
uh, you know, presentation on cannabinoids, the marijuana that
is so common for treatment of pain today. And
despite it is on the market, it has been,
um, you know, advertised as a treatment that can
be an alternative to opioids, yet. When we do
people-based evidence, there is no improvement with a placebo
and the placebo can be CBT, the cannabinoids that
don't create the hallucination. Therefore, we understand that every
time we want to promote, to validate a new
treatment, we need to compare with plas effects. And
the magnitude of a placebo-related improvements are often as
dramatic as the treatment we want to discover and
sometimes even better. So many Products have not been
advanced to the market to clinical practice because there
is not a net difference with place effects. So
definitely we need to learn for drug development, but
also going back to history, if a patient can
feel better through a placebo mechanism, why don't we
offer that to them? It is cost effective. But
also Low side effects, if not side effects at
all. Eventually can be also helpful to train future
clinicians, I mean pharmacists, psychologists, doctors, to harness pla
effects without, uh, you know, too much concern or
reservations.
So placebos are used in clinical trials, drug development,
and so on. But uh can we use uh
placebo science that is studying out placebo work uh
placebos work and so on, to improve the design
of the clinical trials themselves?
That is my goal. That is my dream, I
got to say because uh over the last decades
at the University of Maryland, the target has been
to translate the mechanism and the science of placebo
to better design of clinical trials. One The approach
has been to understand more about the dynamic of
expectations. Can we measure effectively expectation, dynamically study the
change in expectation to predict outcome related to active
treatment in clinical trials? Other approaches that we have
been using. Uh um OMICS brain imaging to have
a biological signature of placebo effects and eventually be
able to predict those participants who may benefit more
or less from placebo effects. And finally, there are
people that even get worse with treatments and placebo
when we call them the nobo responders, although they
tended to be. The small proportion of the participants,
it's still interesting to learn how we can help
those people who are more vulnerable. And in that
sense, we target disparities. We study people who live
in distressed area of Maryland state. Or with such
economic, you know, poverty, to try to understand which
are again the critical factors that influence the predisposition
to respond or not to respond to placebo mechanism.
Eventually we learn The neurobiology, but also the social
demographic realm of uh participant and now this can
affect the ability to harness classic effects. This could
help us to design better trials.
And what would you say are the main goals
that you and your co-authors have with this book?
When we wrote this book, our goal was to
make this topic accessible to everyone. We were lucky
to be able to secure a fund to make
this Oxford University Press accessible to everyone. So, Across
countries we realize that there is an interest, and
often people from underdeveloped countries can't have access to
the paper we write, can't have access to the
book, because even if a book is low cost,
for some of that low cost means a lot.
So I to translate and disseminate. So let me
start, as I mentioned from dissemination. Dissemination for us
was making uh the book accessible to students, to
elderly, to scientists, to clinicians, but also to people
from uh You know, the society who may want
to read about what is this phenomenon. And second,
and probably most important, our goal was to translate
the knowledge of placebo. And in order to translate
the science of placebo to other areas, we engage
with bioethicists, anthropologists, the clinicians, and the engineer, and
we try to understand this phenomenon through the lens
of different interdisciplinary. Um, APPROACHES so that uh there
is someone focusing on cultural difference and uh how
being a shami can influence placebo, how religious thoughts
and spirituality can be linked to placebo. But also
there is the core of the book on the
science, the brain signature, what do we know about
mechanism ofpla effects at the level of omics, proteomics.
So the trend in science as of today seems
to be understanding the signature, the predictors, but also
we have sections where we comment about placebo effects
across disease. Something is the coughing, something is suffering
from depression or even for athletes, increasing the performance.
And finally, we devote to the last two sections
to disparities. Now we know that even before we
meet our physician, often we can read in the
chart all the disease, or uh, you know, everything
about our last consultation with a doctor. That can
be sometime dramatic because we learn about a disease,
patients start googling do we create placebono C effects.
Uh, OR how can we train our family doctor
to use the right communication strategies to convey information
that can maximize in clinical practice effects and minimize
the negative the noive effects. And finally, digital therapeutics.
I mean, we are in the area of app,
virtual reality, extended reality, and the telemedicine, and the
goal was to understand how this could impact the
future of this research and eventually how this can
be employed. To somehow optimize, uh again the management
of symptoms and pla effects.
So earlier, we've talked about how placebos are used
in clinical trials and drug development, but you've also
mentioned briefly that sometimes they might be used in
clinical interventions themselves instead of using a drug, we
use a placebo because it happens to have the
desired effect, the effect that we want, but Since
it is a placebo and not the drug itself,
in what grounds can those sorts of clinical interventions
be justified?
That is such a critical question and policymakers and
by the way this is to become a very
vocal when we talk about introducing the placebo in
clinical practice. So the American Medical Association, AMA indeed
the state that there is no justification to use
a placebo when we have active treatment available. So
that means that if we are studying uh pain
and we know that an Advil pill and NSAIDs
can be efficacious. According to the AMA directions, we
cannot replace that drug with a placebo. Moreover, for
bioethicist, there is another critical issue. The use of
deception that has been associated often with placebo becomes
very problematic. So deceptive placebo has ever been banned,
at least from countries where, um, you know, the
principle of autonomy is so important. And using the
deception along with placebo has been deemed as something
that can jeopardize trust in medicine. Mhm. So, there
are several issues and concern and limiting the use
of the placebo in clinical practice. That is why
um we can champion for use of the placebo
mechanisms. We still that we take advantage of the
mechanism that is word. Verbal suggestion, the kind of
framing effects, or even placebo along with active treatment
as a giant can justify, you know. The use
of and the introduction of placebo without jeopardizing the
AMA recommendation without jeopardize the concern about deception. So
fortunately, we are advancing this line of research where
deception is not needed, for example, the open labor
placebo or the those extending the placebo where we
can tell patients. By learning mechanism, the association between
active drug and placebo can help us minimize the
total intake. Or the open label placebo we tell
patients, these are placebos, but we know that. Taking
a pill and the act of taking a pill
can trigger the descending pain modulator system and the
descending fatigue system, and so there is an improvement
of the symptoms. Those patients who agree can take
without being deceived. So definitely we need to work
together with policymakers, bioethicists, advance. The evidence-based knowledge of
efficacy by preserving respect of um autonomy and other
principles that become so vital to be able to
translate this science to the bedsides.
So, let's talk here a little bit about some
of the psychological mechanisms that underlie the placebo effect.
So placebos are very much tied to the kinds
of expectations that people have, that patients have. What
are the expectations and how do you define them
particularly in the clinical context?
PREDICTION of future outcome but also desire beliefs. An
example can help. Let's assume a patient has phantom
pain, continue to have this terrible pain in the
area where the art is not present anymore. So
of course there are different um desires. First off,
you know, some are not in line with the
reality like having uh the and the feet back
where they were supposed to be, but also the
main problem will be to release this. Amazing pain
that becomes so debilitating and interfering with life. A
possibility will be to try to align expectations with
the outcome we can achieve together with the patient
as providers. So explain that while we don't be
able to bring back the harm, the end, the
food, we can definitely work with, uh, you know,
robotics to create, you know. An actual uh your
arm or a hand that will help restore functionality.
But also when it comes to pain and other,
you know, symptoms, it's important to explain there are
therapy from mirror therapies through virtual reality, rehab that
can retrain the brain to minimize the firing, the
non-sceptive input that becomes so debilitating. So, in other
words, uh we can um Reshape expectation in a
way that minimize conflict. And when we have this
sort of balance between what is achievable and what
is not achievable, this level of uh, you know,
integration of cognitive effective sensorial stimulation can help optimize
the management. Placebo. Needed to be integrated into the
physiology and the pathology of the disease. Despite the
tend to be promoted as a magic pills. In
reality, it's all in our brain. How can we
retrain our brain, our mindset to somehow. Favor this
healing processes that is true for cancer patients, it's
true for neuropathic pain, for diabetic neuropathy, and so
on. And often relying only on pharmacological treatment make
patients even more vulnerable. They become uh exposed to
all the side effects. We bypass all the cognitive
influence that our brain can contribute powerfully to make
people feel better. So I hope that this research
will bring us back to this holistic medicine where
we understand that our frontal area of the brain
are part of the healing process. And the sort
of inner pharmacy that I have been mentioning in
my You know, dissemination of research and science is
truly a pharmacy in the brain, the ability to
release substances that can facilitate healing process. It's something
that we can switch on. And truly harness to
make people in power that they overall. It's not
only the physician prescribed antidepressant, aniolytics, opioids, and says,
No, this should change. We want something different. We
would like to have a combination andliance back in
place where we say, you, your attitude, your behaviors,
your thoughts. Influence the medication that you take, because
the action of the medication that we use pharmacologically
are not independent of the endogenous mechanism that underlying
expectation and place effects.
And of course, some of these expectations as you
talk about in your book are rooted in cultural
beliefs, norms, etc. So, how important is culture in
a clinical context?
It's been somehow dismissed as less relevant, but the
literacy, the value, the preference are so different based
on where we grew up, based on where we
are. And this is evident in studies show that,
for example, acupuncture needling is more efficacious in uh
Asian people or injection tended to be more efficacious
in European people and pills in the US, Canada.
But also when we talk about end of life,
you know, for some people is. Depending on the
culture, the difference in managing the end of life
is so clear, and that is also true for
symptom management, pain, anxiety, fatigue. I mean, for some
people, I again refer here, having a pill that
boost the energy is so critical. For some other
people, if you go on a trip to Japan,
even Tai Chi at 6 a.m. with all their
community becomes so relevant. What we are missing is
exactly this appreciation of cultural differences. And what is
relevant for me may not be relevant for another
person. And once we tend to learn from one
another and resume the relevance of culture, the relevance
of community engagement, and minimize the isolation, this can
bring you back again another component that is so
critical in symptom management, but also the formation of
plastic effects.
And what explains the variation of the placebo effect
uh between people and in the same person over
time and in different contexts. I mean, basically, what
is the placebo effect moderated by?
I love this question, uh, Ricardo. So we call
this predictor factors that help us to understand the
heterogeneity. There is a huge heterogeneity. There are people
who are super responders. The pain disappear magically. The
fatigue disappear, and these are very interesting. This extreme,
you know, responsiveness, it's not observing everyone. It's a
minority of the population, but then there is the
core of these people that on average they improve
and they improve substantially. So the goal is to
try to understand which are the factors that somehow
drive people to be super responders or on this
average poll, or even worse in this negative spot
where you give them a treatment to improve and
they get worse. So to me and our team
now become very relevant to understand the variability. Why
is this coming and we are tackling this through
different uh approach. Actually, today was accepted our first
transcriptomic profiling study where we use genetic expression to
understand that those who are placebo responders and no
responders. And the goal was to learn in the
spectrum. Very little responses, huge la responders or on
the other. And we found actually that there are
some uh pathways that become critical. In the brain,
in the body, in generating. This, you know, different
money to the facts. And so, um, the goal,
uh, we, we realize that uh There are at
the molecular level, uh, ribosome involved mitochondria mechanism that
tell us how health is our body and somehow
this translates in larger plastic effects. But also I'm
lucky to have a lab that is diverse and
they bring a new idea. So one of our
um hm. Postdoc was interested in understanding how the
area where people live in the Maryland state can
influence placebo effects. So Nandini found that the social.
Demographic position, the zip code where people are located
can influence their pain, but also the placebo reduction
of their pain. So people who tend to live
in distressed area, West Baltimore, where they are constantly
exposed to criminality, shooting, tend to have lower placebo
effects, higher pain interference, and the two things are
connected. So again, we champion health lifestyle safety will
begin and somehow the placebo responders are those who
live in a prosperous area who are somehow benefit
from well being and social demographic status. Another way
we are approaching this is to try to understand
how expectation can dynamically change. And you mentioned pla
effects over time, you know. So what we are
doing is giving actually open label placebo, that means
non-deceptive placebo for 45 days as adjust to their
pain treatment. Either pharmacological or nonpharmacological pain treatment the
orofacial pain patients are taking. So we said you
continue to do your treatment. Pharmacological and pharmacological board
and on top, you take, if you wish, every
day a placebo. So we first allow them to
choose. And then we provide the placebo and every
day we measure their uh Clinical pain, clinical interferences,
ability to sleep, but also weekly, we we ask
them, is this working? What do you expect? And
actually, the way their expectation fluctuate justify the response
to placebo, suggesting that placebo effects, expectation effects are
dynamically modulated by our mindset. So, We aim to
learn more about reproducibility and is a placebo responder
always a responder across different domain, but also how
we can shape expectation to endorse longer lasting effects.
Do we have a good understanding of the neurobiological
basis of the placebo effect? Do we know exactly
what happens in the brain that then produces the
placebo effect or not?
I'm confident that the science is exploding and this
is becoming a proxy to study brain functions. The
brain is still a magical, wonderful machinery that compared
to other organs, a kidney, liver, heart, we know
much less as scientists, as physicians. So the placebo
has been uh somehow a sort of um. Trigger
to learn more, to learn more about all we
call descending pathway, modulatory systems in the brain. And
the fact that we can model placebo effects through
different um mechanisms, conditioning, learning, observation, verbal suggestion, that
is opened up. Of research in basic science with
rats, with mice, and I expect that this will
revolutionize our understanding of the mechanisms underlying placebo effects.
Because we can slice the brain of humans, but
we, we do that in animal research or in
animal research, we can do chemogenetics, optogenetics, turn off
and on receptors. I think all this manipulation of
the mechanism in animals will be very critical to
understand the mechanism of placebo effects at the level
of circuits, molecules, receptors. But the human research, despite
the limitation, is continued to reveal new brain and
neuronal signature of placebo responses. The omics I mentioned
transcriptomic profiles are coming along to understand how placebo
can change proteins can somehow be associated to different
gene expression. And another area of research that hopefully
will be very helpful is machine learning and computational
modeling. All this engineer AI actually will be applied
to placebo, you know, it's becoming popular, this line
of research where we have a different machine learning
approach, a different, um, you know, AI approach to
understand more about placebo and how they can know
cool and poor.
So let me ask you here about a specific
example of a condition that you explore in the
book where the placebo effect might play a role.
So you have a chapter on how the regulation
of genes plays a role in placebo responsiveness in
alcohol use disorder and co-occurring pain. Could you tell
us about that?
One area of research that is still very, you
know, uh. Relevant and always timely. The opioids, uh,
mm. Disorders, the OUD but also COD, alcohol-related disorders.
And the reason why this line of research is
so critical is because we have been not really
successful in minimizing and helping these people affect from
different drug disorders. And so the goal is to
try to again apply what we discovered in pain
in terms of predictors, who are the people who
drink a glass of wine and are at risk.
To want a glass of wine every day and
then escalate until become a misuse and abuse. So
the goal there has been to try to predict.
So can we some about knowing that this person
is vulnerable because of the genetic asset, the area
where he lives or she lives, and so. We
don't have an answer yet, but the goal is
to try to expand and see to the brain
signature that we have already addiction related the brain
signature to gene expression, proteomics again to say that
person is vulnerable and so this can help us
to say. You might need to be careful with
recreational drinking, with recreational use of the drug, because
other people can afford because they use it once,
and that is in a part for other people,
we use it once and we start, you know,
this terrible journey that end up with dramatic lives.
So that will be the goal. Unfortunately, we have
so little research in this area and we added
this chapter mostly as some. With the hope to
stimulate interest and to raise awareness, we need more
research in that area.
So let me ask you now, and I probably
could have asked you this question earlier in our
conversation, but when exactly does the placebo effect become
simply a treatment effect?
We define a treatment effects when uh we see
a response to the treatment we give. So the
placebo effects. Turn into a treatment effects when by
means of using a placebo or even a suggestion
of improvement, we see a net improvement of a
symptom and reduction and interference disappear and people are
back to bike again to work, to socialize or
sleep problems, they start sleeping again. So when eventually
we provide the treatment that can be. Pharmacological, non-pharmacological,
purely placebo, and we see an improvement of the
outcome that become meaningful to have the right, sorry,
the right design to claim that when we needed
to have uh uh evidence-based approach where we study
this with the right design, and that is something
that is missed often in non-pharmacological based research. Where
for example, they study the effects of uh lemon
juice and go without using the right control or
without uh design carpo study and that can make
wrong claims.
So, uh, can placebo effects also be exploited in
clinical practice to optimize patient, clinician, communication and the
relationship more broadly?
This is one of the goal of our um
center, we create a center of school of nursing,
the University of Maryland and one of the goal
is the educational effort. Learning about the neurobiology of
placebo, teaching about the words that we use is
not merely a matter of good practice and endorsing
ethics. That can somehow change the way we inform
a patient, we consent patient, we send the patient
home with a prescription. This uh knowledge and uh
uh awareness about the neurobiology of plastic effects can
make people truly endorsing the right uh. Patient doctor
communication. That is the immediate approach and the relevance
of this research, but I hope that also we
will be able one day in an ethical way
in line with AMA to add this treatment to
Conventional treatments to minimize side effects and also to
open up more opportunity for uh integrative medicine, where
the pharmacological approach can be combined with non-pharmacological approach.
And when we see again, go back who are
those who benefit, if a patient can deal with
primarily non-pharmacological approach, there is no reason to create
side effects and harm to the body. And provide
the treatments that are pharmacological based when in reality
they may benefit from non-pharmacological approach.
So, I would like to ask you now about
the particular chapter that you have in the book,
uh, about the placebo effects in mental health. Uh,
BEFORE we get into the placebo effects themselves and
the main argument made there, what do we know
about the efficacy of mental health, therapeutics, and antidepressants
specifically across the globe?
Well, um This is a critical question, and I
want to be cautious with the answer because um.
Some people have thought that we don't need press
because they work as well as placebo and so
that was also a family relative at some point
that told me every time, uh, you know, you
thought that I was taking uh SSRI in reality
I throw in the toilet thinking that it's only
a placebo. And I was shocked and I learned
this after the facts, even when we had the
meeting with the psychiatrist complimenting you truly improved, you
know, your, your, the treatment I prescribed was efficacious
and later on the patient revealed to the psychiatrist
that in reality didn't take the medication. So this
kind of attitude, mistrust, mistrust in, you know, some
antidepressants or other treatment olytics uh sometimes is related
also to news, you know, like, uh, there has
been research show that antidepressants are primarily working through
place effects. So we need to be cautious because
some patients can really benefit from pharmacological therapy. So
to generalize and say that any antidepressant is a
placebo is really wrong. There are circumstances where mood
disorders can benefit from pharmacological treatment. On the other
hand, The same way and the present and pain
therapeutic benefit from the mindset can be helpful, you
know, to truly educate patients about the mechanism of
expectation, the mechanism of um. Placebo and see how
mood and expectation can play a role in the
action of the um antidepressant or even more antipsychotics.
So again, it's an interesting line of research that
is evolving where um I see two trends. One
is to understand how computational modeling of expectation can
predict the response to Active antidepressant, but also our
shaping expectation, a sort of CBT cognitive behavioral therapy
of expectation can help optimize treatment and dealing.
Uh, BUT, uh, I, I mean, there's an argument
made by Doctor Jensa in one of the chapters
in your book, uh, uh, uh, about. I, I
mean, basically, he, he argues that psychotherapy is an
open label placebo, and open label placebos are psychotherapy.
So, uh, I mean, what is the argument there
exactly and related to that, can we really tell
whether psychotherapy works or if it all boils down
to placebo effects?
Good question. Uh, I mentioned the CBT of expectation.
So psychotherapy somehow can be direct to expectation, and
that can be wonderful. And in that sense, the
difference between psychotherapy and the sort of a placebo
is not different. I agree with um our author
because indeed, uh, you know, if we shape expectation
in an optimal way, that can be Therapeutic. And
so CBT per se or psychotherapy does that and
has been doing that. So in a challenging way
he suggested that all our psychotherapists are very good
in endorsing plasmbo effects, and I agree totally, and
there is nothing wrong about that. And uh They
feel is even evolving, you may hear about psychedelics,
you know, somehow if we even combine the psychotherapy
with psychedelic, we can change the expectation in a
more powerful way. So, will this be the future
where we go to the the therapist, we get
psychedelics and our expectation change and we boost this
powerful pla effects, maybe. We'll see.
So I have one last question then and also
basically to sum things up here. So why do
placebos matter for research quality, generally speaking?
So one of the first needs was to create
a sort of less um chaotic uh evidence-based research
and this goes back to clinical trials. I mean,
often we deem as a treatment is cacious when
in reality it's not, if it's compared to uh
equal um functional drug or a placebo. So. The
need was to create evidence based on efficacy. From
there, I mean, we move beyond and beyond with
studying the brain functions through the lens of a
placebo where we modulate uh a mindset which change
expectation, we introduce observation again to shape expectation or
this uh fruitful research as changing the way we
frame science and neuroscience around the placebo. And finally,
they need, you know, the need of a clinician
that has to do something with a difficult patient
or even if a compliant and easy to treat
situation where um going back to be observation during
World War II, that morphine ran out, it was
selling soldiers will show a benefit. From a very
clinical basic observation of this line of research, and
an explosion because we start to think maybe they
responded because they activate the new opioid receptors. And
in fact, we start to study with naloxone blocking
placebo analgesia. So this suggests, uh, you know, that
we can go back and forth what we call
a reverse translational science, and observation on the battlefields.
Become an idea for some researcher to do trials
of morphine and antagonist of morphine like naloxone. So
it is very beautiful and I think the power
of this line of research is this ability to
translate, you know, you don't have to wait many,
many years to be able to go from the
lab to the bed sides. Can happen immediately. And
this is something that has been very rewarding for
me as a physician scientist because you can see
a tangible implication straight away.
Great. So the book is again placebo effects through
the lens of translational research. I am leaving a
link to it in the description of the interview.
And Doctor Koloka, would you like to tell people
apart from the book where they can find you
and your work on the internet?
Of course, thank you very much. We are on
the social media to Lily, but most important, I
encourage you to become a member of our center,
the Placebo Beyond Opinion Center, PBO. And the reason
why we name our center PBO is because we
want to To do placebo evidence-based research beyond any
opinions, any mistrust, any misconceptions. You can become a
member, attend our lecture for free, and eventually contribute
to our science through. Collaboration, thoughts, ideas. We are
open to listen and welcoming and integrate our science
with thoughts from people like Richard did they come
back from Sicily with an idea, so you can
inspire us, be with us.
Great. So, Doctor Cooke, thank you so much again
for taking the time to come on the show.
It's been a pleasure to talk with you.
Thank you so much, Ricardo for reaching out and
for uh the what space to us.
Hi guys, thank you for watching this interview until
the end. If you liked it, please share it,
leave a like and hit the subscription button. The
show is brought to you by Nights Learning and
Development done differently, check their website at Nights.com and
also please consider supporting the show on Patreon or
PayPal. I would also like to give a huge
thank you to my main patrons and PayPal supporters
Pergo Larsson, Jerry Mullerns, Frederick Sundo, Bernard Seyche Olaf,
Alex Adam Castle, Matthew Whitting Barno, Wolf, Tim Hollis,
Erika Lenny, John Connors, Philip Fors Connolly. Then the
Mari Robert Windegaruyasi Zu Mark Nes calling in Holbrookfield
governor Michael Stormir Samuel Andrea, Francis Forti Agnseroro and
Hal Herzognun Macha Jonathan Labrant John Jasent and the
Samuel Corriere, Heinz, Mark Smith, Jore, Tom Hummel, Sardus
Fran David Sloan Wilson, Asila dearraujorumen Roach Diego Londono
Correa. Yannick Punteran Rosmani Charlotte blinikol Barbara Adamhn Pavlostaevskynaleb
medicine, Gary Galman Samov Zaledrianei Poltonin John Barboza, Julian
Price, Edward Hall Edin Bronner, Douglas Fry, Franca Bartolotti
Gabrielon Scorteus Slelisky, Scott Zachary Fish Tim Duffyani Smith
John Wieman. Daniel Friedman, William Buckner, Paul Georgianneau, Luke
Lovai Giorgio Theophanous, Chris Williamson, Peter Vozin, David Williams,
the Augusta, Anton Eriksson, Charles Murray, Alex Shaw, Marie
Martinez, Coralli Chevalier, bungalow atheists, Larry D. Lee Junior,
Old Heringbo. Sterry Michael Bailey, then Sperber, Robert Grassy
Zigoren, Jeff McMahon, Jake Zu, Barnabas radix, Mark Campbell,
Thomas Dovner, Luke Neeson, Chris Stor, Kimberly Johnson, Benjamin
Galbert, Jessica Nowicki, Linda Brendon, Nicholas Carlsson, Ismael Bensleyman.
George Eoriatis, Valentin Steinman, Perrolis, Kate van Goller, Alexander
Aubert, Liam Dunaway, BR Masoud Ali Mohammadi, Perpendicular John
Nertner, Ursula Gudinov, Gregory Hastings, David Pinsoff Sean Nelson,
Mike Levine, and Jos Net. A special thanks to
my producers. These are Webb, Jim, Frank Lucas Steffinik,
Tom Venneden, Bernard Curtis Dixon, Benedic Muller, Thomas Trumbull,
Catherine and Patrick Tobin, Gian Carlo Montenegroal Ni Cortiz
and Nick Golden, and to my executive producers Matthew
Levender, Sergio Quadrian, Bogdan Kanivets, and Rosie. Thank you
for all.